that belie who does she think is working
for whom it's my met she's got me
bussing tables tolerate a cross word
about our captain there's no finer
officer in this or any galaxy mr. Silva
why mr. ro sir bringing such fine in
distinguished chance to grace my humble
galley
had I known are you talk to massage
cyborgs may I introduce dr. dopler the
financier about voyage young the outfit
job well thank you um love the i/o this
young lad is Jim Hawkins hello don't be
too put off by Tonka hardware is it been
so getting you so much they do come in
mighty handy from time to time our
tasting me famous buns of beasts - mmm
delightfully tangy yet robust old family
recipes Oh
in fact that was part of the old family
[Laughter]
I've noted if I educator go on Jimbo
have a swig more you big-headed blob
emission don't ask why you're hiding
quiz that thing is a morph I rescued a
little shapeshifter approaches one -
beside to me we been together ever since
we're about to get underway would you
like to observe the launch doctor would
I does an active galactic nucleus have
superluminal Jets
I'll follow you mr. Hawkins will stay
here in your charge mr. silver beggin
your pardon sir but sir captain's orders
see to it the new cabin boys kept busy
Oh
but knowing breaking up in Alaska so
Cotton's put you with me
Oh be a humble cyborg you argue at a
captain yeah you know these perps
they're kind of like the ones back home
on Montressor you ever been there Oh God
says I Jimbo come to think of it just
before I left I met this old guy who was
um who's kind of looking for a cyborg
buddy is that so yeah what was that old
salamanders name oh yeah
bones Billy bones bones
bo
[Music]
ring any bells must have been a
different size or there's a slew of
cyborgs Roman this part off with your
lad watch the lodge there'll be plenty
work awaiting for you afterwards they
best be keeping a sharp eye and this one
and month we wouldn't want him staying
entertained shouldn't
[Music]
you